Docs for v0.5.0 (#24)
stackrlabs/docs: docs/pages/build/framework/micro-rollup.mdx

4. `disableL1Sync` - A boolean flag to indicate if the rollup should not sync with the L1 chain.

5. `stfSchemaMap` - A map of the schema names to the schema objects. This is used to map the schema names to the state transitions of the rollup.

> 6. `blockHooks` -  Pre and Post block hooks to be added to the state machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. `blockHooks` -  An object containing two keys `pre` and `post` both being ordered array of names of the `hooks` to execute with each block.
```
